Specifications for the wikia project.

Views:
1) Posts view - a table that presents a summary for all the posts visible for the current user.
1.1) Display post view - a view over a specific post - the content of the post is displayed.
1.2) Create / Update post view - a view that allows the current user to create / modify a post.

2) Administration view - view over the users and permissions. This should be visible only to admins.
2.1) Create / Update user view - allows an admin to create or update a user.

The posts view:

    The table displays a summary of posts (title and date created).
    A user can view all his posts and the public posts of other users.
    A 'Create' button is present in the top of the view. Upon clicking, the user is moved to the 'Create / Update' view.
    For the posts for which the current user is also the author, 'Delete' and 'Edit' buttons are present in the last
    column of the posts table. Upon clicking the 'Edit' button, the user is moved to the 'Create / Update' view.
    Posts will be sorted by date.
    Posts will support pagination, with a default page size of 5. A drop down with 'Items per page' allows the user to
    configure the page size.
    'Content search' allows the user to query posts based on content.

Display post view:

    Allows the user to view a visible post.
    The user is able to leave comments to the post. No single comment policy is enforced.

Create / Update post view:

    Allows the user to create a new post or to edit one of his posts.
    The user is able to manage content, title and comments.

Administration view:

    Allows an admin to manage the available users.
    A table displays all the available users.
    A 'Create' button is present in the top of the view. Upon clicking, the admin is moved to the Create / Update
    user view
    'Delete' and 'Edit' buttons are present on the last column.
    Two buttons, 'Admins' and 'Users' are present at the top of the table and support filtering based on rights.

Create / Update user view :

    Allows an admin to create or update users.
